i've made a lot of videos about um you
know
being a vegan and then also the
anti-vegan
videos that i had uploaded and look you
know the past is the past
what you did 10 years ago is probably
not what you're doing right now and the
way that you thought 10 years ago is
probably not the same way that you think
right now
i was wrong about veganism
because when i started my journey in
i became a quote raw vegan
and i was doing way too much fasting way
too much detoxing
um i was in a caloric deficiency
so i was not getting enough calories as
i should have been getting
last thing i'll say is animal welfare
what about cruelty to all the religions
out there who believe in
peace love compassion thou
shall not kill right
um what about in america
we eat like one million chickens every
three
hours it's crazy
absolutely insane so a lot of people
know about factory farming
and the the cruelty that goes on there
but a lot of people overlook family
farms or small family farms or
grass-fed operations because that's what
i was all into
free range eggs grass-fed meat wild
caught fish
all of it and you know what it's all bs
if your friend that is a vegan activist
all of a sudden says that he wants to
experiment on his diet to and eat a
steak because he's had a ibs issue for
years and the doctors
you know keeps saying that he needs to
experiment because you know it's looking
really bad and dark
when that happens this person gets
rejected
a lot of times a huge amount of vegans
will reject that person will reject this
person from their tribe
they will not talk to them they will
distance themselves from them because
they feel like they are completely
breaking their own moral code
and completely turning everything upside
down and now they are
just a crazy person who is just so
obsessed with their own health and
selfish
for wanting to kill an animal to you
know fix their stomach ache
that's how a lot of times we look at it
i'm really embarrassed and sad
that i would have to make a video like
this
because i've created basically my entire
persona
about talking about how great it is to
be vegan how easy it is to be vegan
and i just feel like it would be really
irresponsible of me
to continue doing that i think that
veganism
is flawed in so many ways and i think
that we should just
go back to the way that things were
and i came to this realization
this weekend doing outreach
at um the end of fishing day
where i was a fish covered in blood and
i just
laid there and thought about how stupid
it was
what i was doing and so
i'm not vegan anymore i ate mcdonald's
three times today
i'm gonna eat mcdonald's again tonight
i'm gonna buy tons of leather shoes on
april fool's day
baby
oh man i went uh one minute
and 24 seconds on that joke we take it
so personally and
we would rather not even look at that
person ever again and i've experienced
this
myself as well i have friends who just
you know told me that they cannot ever
speak to me again because
what i did in terms of experimenting
with non-vegan foods
was just too much and and you know there
is no way
the reason why i started to go vegan the
reason why i got re-inspired to go
vegan was because riding on my electric
bike to the community college to teach
my english class
and i saw a whole herd of 20 to 25 here
you can check it out in one of my
previous videos i posted that you can
see all the deer out there they're mule
deer
and when i pass them on my bike
you can see their ears going up
down there in the grass trying to get
the grass and look up
you know they're all kind of you know
the ears are going all over the place
why because they're animals they're
mammals they have feelings they have
emotions they feel
pain they have fear you know they feel
when their life might be in danger why
are we doing so much damage to the world
why are we killing billions of animals
every single year
why are we doing damage to our bodies
and we know it's not good
how we explain things to others more
often than not
with the passage of time comes to be
the way that we explain things to
ourselves
many vegans think about veganism talk
about veganism
explain veganism as a kind
of new religion this is a metaphor this
is an allegory
in some ways useful in some ways
very misleading what if we think about
veganism instead
as people coming together to form a rock
band
one person plays the guitar one person
plays the drums
veganism as a movement in fact is made
of myriad tiny movements in the same
sense
that a genre of music for the most part
will be made up of a whole bunch of
little isolated groups
of hard-working talented people how do
people
first decide to make music together
very often whether in high school
university
or as middle-aged men it's just based on
their style of clothing
it's just based on their charisma it's
just based on their appearance it's just
based on a casual conversation at a
party
you meet someone and think they're cool
and interesting
and they say they play the guitar and
you say oh we're actually looking for a
new guitarist for our band
things like this are so much the norm
probably the vast majority
of musical groups even only two people
even just a musical duo
probably the vast majority of bands do
not begin with a formal
audition process they don't begin with
somebody writing
you know filling out an application form
you know they don't begin by comparing
four different people who play the drums
and considering
who do you think plays the drums best
they start by people meeting one another
and thinking they have something in
common thinking they're kind of cool
and of course this is part of why so
often
bands break up musical groups don't work
and don't last
because there's someone you think is
cool there's someone you think is
interesting
someone it may even just be that they're
attractive or they wear clothes that you
think would look good on stage they have
a certain style
but what you find out in the passage of
time working with them
is that they don't have the competence
you require
they can't actually do the job
in the same way vegans form
groups of activists veganism is not a
diet
it's a political movement with a diet
problem
these groups of activists they could be
a few hundred people
they could be a few thousand people but
keeping it all the way real
in most cases in any particular city
or town it is going to be a group of six
people
eight people 12 people maximum 15 people
just like forming a musical group that
goes on tour if you include all the
helpers
you might get up to 20 people you know
but the the people doing most of the
work the people on stage
it's a small handful of people
right and those people probably met each
other
probably started working together
started doing activism started
the pursuit of political and cultural
change
just because they met at a party or they
met on the internet
and they thought each other were cool
and interesting they thought they'd try
to make something positive happen and
they only find out
in the passage of time oh this person
they don't really have what it takes
they don't have the talent
they don't have the work ethic they
don't have the motivation
they don't have the intelligence right
you don't know
but through bitter and disappointing
experience
you find out i don't know a single
vegan organization in the world that was
formed by people
on paper writing out an application form
writing an essay auditioning
do you know any vegan movement that has
auditions
competitive auditions for who gets to be
an activist
who gets to be a leader no they behave
like high school cliques they behave
like high school rock bands
that's what the movement consists of
element by element
atom by adam
and not everyone can be vegan
not everyone can be an activist
not everyone is smart enough just to
make the diet
work in this society not everyone is
self-disciplined enough not everyone's
ethical enough
not everyone's positively motivated
enough and then at that higher level
answering those higher standards not
everyone can be a leader of public
opinion
in the pursuit of political or cultural
change not everybody can do it not
everyone has
that kind of confidence yeah so i think
the type of disappointment people
feel when someone becomes ex-vegan
it's not so much comparable to a
religious
group like the mormons casting someone
out
you know when they've lost faith when
they left their religion the way
religious groups reject people and
exclude people
i think it is really much more
comparable to the sense of embittered
disappointment
of people who put their own hard work
and love
and care and talent and energy into
trying to make something really special
happen
in the music world of trying to put
together a rock band and then finding
out that that guy you thought was funny
and charming and cool and interesting
and who you hired to be the drummer
that really fundamentally he doesn't
have what it takes
just to stay sober show up on time
and play the drums my sling is editorial
explicit material
briefcase show lava stereo flow fill me